{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green100\blue185;
\red26\green26\blue26;\red99\green99\blue99;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh11720\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWW289PX3Yc"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWW289PX3Yc}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A collaborative painting using, in addition to oil paints, conductive paint. The conductive paint acts as a capacitive sensor, allowing for hover movement and touch to be detected. This creates the interactive aspect of the painting: as one hovers closer or touches the painting, it will in turn change the sound aspect of the installation.\
\
The interactive and sound aspect was created with conductive paint, arduino, max/msp and ableton live.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
2- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P9AsblL7jY"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P9AsblL7jY}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sound Globe is a custom-built digital instrument that maps the rotational speed of an orb to musical dynamics. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://takumiogata.bandcamp.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 https://takumiogata.bandcamp.com}}\
\
Software used: Arduino IDE, Max/MSP, and Rhinoceros.\
\
\
3- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cycling74.com/project/axxe-audio-splicer/#.WNEICRJ96u4"}}{\fldrslt https://cycling74.com/project/axxe-audio-splicer/#.WNEICRJ96u4}}\
Axxe Audio Splicer\
Automatically splices and sequences audio samples.\
\
\
4- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mY29g1vaBok"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mY29g1vaBok}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 New path is a two dimensional sequencer that generates midi and controls device parameters.\
\
- create unexpected rhythms, harmonies and melodies.\
- make complex algorithmic music\
- and use it as an organic visual live instrument\
\
\
5- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hP36xoPXDnM"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hP36xoPXDnM}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 LINES is an interactive sound art exhibition created by Swedish composer Anders Lind in 2016. Lines attached to the wall, on the floor and hanging from the ceiling in combination with sensors and electronics are forming three novel music instruments. No musical experiences are required to perform, while the well-experienced musician or composer finds new musical challenges and opportunities with the instruments. The ambition with LINES is to enable: new forms of musical interaction, an exploration of new artistic expressions and to provide unique and inspiring musical experiences. The videoclip is taken from V\'e4sterbotttens Museum in Ume\'e5 2016. www.soundslikelind.se\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
6- BareConductive\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bareconductive.com/shop/touch-board/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.bareconductive.com/shop/touch-board/}}\
\
\
7- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n9L-uy59FU"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n9L-uy59FU}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Bare Conductive co-founder Matt Johnson spoke to us about electric paint and the endless possibilities that stem from his creation. Can walls become intelligent? What kind of interface can you create with an adaptable and paintable wire? These questions and more are answered in Matt's Portrait of an Inventor video. \
\
**** How make conductive ink by yourself DIY\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_ouYLeIkoo"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_ouYLeIkoo}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
8- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cycling74.com/project/nanokontrol2/#.WNEJ4RJ96u4"}}{\fldrslt https://cycling74.com/project/nanokontrol2/#.WNEJ4RJ96u4}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf5 \strokec5 Simple patch for nanoKONTROL2 by Korg. Made with Max 7 and works in Max 6.\
\
9- MYO Sensor \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Worv_oi_cWQ"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Worv_oi_cWQ}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt8we-ldpI4"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt8we-ldpI4}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \strokec2 Using Myo armband to control sound parameters via Max [nodes] object.\cb1 \
\
10- Arduino + Servo Motors\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOrWao79-Vw"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOrWao79-Vw}}\
\
11- Arduino + Sound + Sensor\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7DOBV43UPQ&list=PLFUNml887uwVj7HYUkygId5V9yIJAIM1B"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7DOBV43UPQ&list=PLFUNml887uwVj7HYUkygId5V9yIJAIM1B}}
\fs22 \cf6 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 \
\
Page 8.\

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Motor Types;\
Servo, stepper, dc\
Motor driver : L298N}